# CoAstra
 Covid-19 Online Assistance - a project concerning the global pandemic, Covid-19.  In this full stack project, we have built a website named CoAstra. For all those who have been tested positive for Covid-19 and are looking for assistance, guidance and suggestions, CoAstra is the very platform. At CoAstra, we aim to provide online assistance, guidance and suggestions to all those who have been tested positive for Covid-19, ensuring their speedy recovery along with protecting their mental well-being.  On hosting the website, we will be taken to the home page of the website which would include a short description about our website, a sign up button asking for the patient to sign up for our website, and it would also include three different categories, which are categorized based on the severity of the symptoms experienced by the patients. Once the patient selects his specific symptom category, he would be redirected to the respective assistance pages. These assistance pages would provide them with all the required assistance, guidance and suggestions, essential links to the best websites, home remedies, exercises and motivational quotes. The home page and the assistance pages are also provided with quick navigation links to enable the patient to navigate to any part of our website and avail the required assistance. We also aim to send reminder emails for the patients who sign up for our website, reminding them to adhere to the remedies suggested, to exercise regularly and to avail assistance from the best online service providers.
